s8 - 
Sadao's father like all his countrymen was patriotic. He passed this trait to his son.


s9 - 
The seeds of Sadao's thirst for knowledge and curiosity were sown by his father. Sadao went on to be a scientist.


s10 -
 Hana was a loving and responsible wife always giving in to Sadao's needs and following the Japanese way of life.


s11 -
 It was love at first sight for Sadao and Hana.


s12 -
 The couple find a helpless and wounded white man on the shore. The place was covered by mist just like their future. They knew the repurcussions of being sighted with the "Enemy"




s13 -
Thinking about their children, their great Empire and their foremost duty to save life, they hesitated to make a decision. Towards morality or humanity.


s14 -
 They could not abide by fear. Saving a life was the most important to them. Stealthily they made their way with the unconcious body into their house.


s15 -
Not all people had their mindset. Fear controlled even their own servants. The mistress was left to tend the man alone.


s16 -
Yet again, Sadao faced the same cringing dilemma . To choose between his dear one's protection or to act according to his foremost duty to help people fignt death.


s17 -
Terrified and disgusted by their master's actions, the forever loyal servants discussed the matter among themselves


s18- 
Remembering his oath to serve his country especially during times of hardship he started to write a letter to the General


s19 -
Hana almost exposed their fatal secret


s20 -
Both Sadao and General knew what had to be done. For sadao it was the removal of a major threat. For the General, it was a matter of saving his life as no other person could treat him like Sadao


s21 -
To protect his pride, integrity and blind devotion towards his nation he devises a plan to "uproot the weed"


s22 -
Tom could not help but thank Sadao for saving his life and giving him hope. 


s23 -
Naturally, anxiety bursts through the veins of the Japanese couple. They felt chained in the circumstance


s24- 
Tom gets better mentally and physically. The fear of being executed shivers down his spine


s25- 
Sadao thinks of the assassins and his beloved


s26 -
Now with all his strength Tom faces conflicting opinions. To forcefully break free of this unstable and risky alliance or to be grateful towards his saviour.


s27 -
Sadao devises a plan to help Tom escape


s28 -
Tom is no longer Sadao's responsibility. He can do whatever pleases him. 


s29 -
Sadao is intruiged by the thought that the General did not execute the "enemy". The self-centred general did not think about anyone but himself.


s30 -
To protect himself and his trusted doctor he keeps it a secret.


s31 -
In the end, humanity wins. The servants return after they are assured there is no more danger in attending to their master's needs.


s32 -
After the chilling experience, Sadao recounts all the dreadful and beautiful moments in his life, most of them centred around America. He searches for the specific memory which stopped him from killing the "ENEMY"


s36 -
Sadao crumbles under the intense pressure. The couple agree to do what is best for themselves


s37 -
The ocean roared. No sign of life on the beach, no dying breath.


s38 -
Sadao stops by thinking about his children. The operation is "successful" but the patient is dead.


s39 -
The sight of the "Enemy" wether alive or dead would not be tolerated by the authorities. The mistress orders her sevant to do what's necessary.


s40 -
Servants dispose the motionless body.The ocean roared. No sign of life on the beach


s41 -
Personal safety and national integrity was more important to the cook. 


s42 -
Its a gruesome ending for Tom


s43 -
Sadao cant help but accept his fate. The servants are never seen again.


s44 -
Thinking of his family and proud that at least he has saved Tom's life, he completes the letter


s45 -
The messenger smells suspicion in the air. He can choose to be loyal to Sadao or his rulers.


s46 -
The fear of execution and the morality towards his country mattered most to the messenger. The official now opens the letter.


s47 -
The General thinks about Sadao's safety as his life depends on him.


s48 -
The general is driven by the urge to "save" his country, he plans a secret mission


s49 -
The dissapearance of the undesirable visitor raises alarms. Sadao thinks about the myth of the assassins.


s50 -
Fearing execution he sneaks off Sadao's house, hoping to spot a life-saving boat  


s52 -
Its a gruesome ending for Tom


s53 -
Driven by immense stress and anxiety, Tom breaks down and is desperate to break free. He senses an oppurtunity to take advantage of his host.


s54 -
In the heat of the moment, Sadao does not mention crucial details about the Korean boats


s55 -
The unsuspecting Tom signals a Japanese boat and steps towards his own doom.


s56 -
Luck was on the American's side. He will always remember the Japanese family. He qestions his spiteful way of treating them.


s57 -
The fisherman is suprised to see Sadao, who never ventures out of his home at night talking alone with a military man in the dark


s58 -
He cannot beleive his eyes. Never in his dreams he could think taht great Sadao could be a traitior. It has become his duty to safeguard the Japanese empire



